1. What is the difference between Traditional BI Tools and Tableau?
2.What Are the Data Types Supported in Tableau?
3. How Will You Understand Dimensions and Measures?
4.What is the difference between discrete and continuous in Tableau?
5. What are the different Tableau Products and what is the latest version of Tableau?
6. What is the difference between .twb and .twbx extension?
7.What are the different types of joins in Tableau?
8.What are the different connections you can make with your dataset?
9. What is the Difference Between a Live Connection and an Extract?
10. What are the different filters in Tableau and how are they different from each other?
11.How to create a calculated field in Tableau?
12.What is a dual axis?
13.What is the difference between a tree map and heat map?
14. What does bin mean in Tableau?
15.What is the difference between joining and blending in Tableau?
16.What is default Data Blending Join?
17.What do you understand by blended axis?
18. What is the Level of Detail (LOD) Expression?
19.Mention what are different Tableau files?
20. Design a View to Show Region Wise Profit and Sales.
21.Design a view in a map such that if user selects any state, the cities under that state has to show profit and sales.
There Are Three Customer Segments in the Superstore Dataset. What Percent of the Total Profits Are Associated with the Corporate Segment?
22.What is the maximum no. of rows Tableau can utilize at one time?
23. Which Visualization Will Be Used in the given Scenarios?
To show aggregated sales totals across a range of product categories and subcategories
To show the duration of events or activities 
To show quarter wise profit growth 
24.State some reasons for the low performance of Tableau? Explain in detail.
25.State some ways to improve the performance of Tableau.
26.If the owner of the published workbook license expires, then can other users see those workbooks?
27.Which one is better? Extract or Live connection?
28.Can we create cascading filters without using context filters?
29.Do we have any data limitations in Tableau Public?
30.Can we place an excel file in a shared location and use it to develop a report and refresh it in regular intervals?
